Document siteConfig in lib-project #465 (#471)
enonic/doc-xp: docs/cms/projects.adoc

=== Applications
image:xp-7110.svg[XP 7.11.0,opts=inline]

> Just like with sites, applications can be added to projects and config could be specified for every application. All functionality and all schemas (content types, schemas, mixins) and descriptors (pages, parts, layouts) from an app will be available within the scope of the project down to a site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to how applications can be assigned to sites, they (and their configs) can also be assigned (on even a higher level) to content projects. All functionality, schemas (content types, schemas, mixins etc.) and descriptors (pages, parts, layouts) from all assigned applications will be available within the scope of the project down to a site.
```
